Mr. Zhao, brother Ayu misses you.
Miss, why are you my husband?
Who said he is your husband? You don’t even know who Mr. Zhao’s brother is?
How could I possibly go to work like this?
Why is it so delicious? Does your family make tea or something?
No? What? Fish tea?
Do you know the characters? Do I know the characters? I will test it for you.
What are you doing? His voice jumped.
Why are you still here with me?
Marriage is real
Isn’t this because my husband is too popular?
I am not allowed to choose at any time and I am not allowed to follow you.
What did you buy?
We are really a legal couple
What do you think you have? Let's go
Just drive me to your room
Over there, let’s eat and walk. I’ll regret getting married.
What else to say?
I am just a village uncle
Marrying me will save you a lot of face
I don't care
Anyway, in my life
I confirmed
With your words
Just a moment
Are you there?
That junior sister
After all, you are my parents. Don't do anything.
Although I, Li Chunfeng, usually like to pack
But I still have something in my car.